The Joe Rogan experience. You're into ghosts, you're into Bigfoot,
you're into aliens, UFO, abductions, everything. Well.
It's entertaining. I'm an entertainer.
It isn't a.
And I feel like you remarkably.
Sane for somebody to call all of these different things inside their head.
I don't know. My family would maybe say not, but she smoked pot. Um, you know,
I I'm allergic to turpines. I love the cannabis story.
I turpines are an oil that, uh, that that's, you know, it's, it's an everything,
you know, it's like lemonade hot turpines yeah, we have what you,
what if you have good pot and you're smoking good by what you're smoking in the
Turpin. That's what makes it that's what gives it its power. Turpines.
Give pot it's power. Well, it's part.
Of the element that is THC. Well, uh, 1300 it's an oil therapies is the,
as the, as an oil that's that's in there in all, in, in all, all, uh, marijuana.
You have the allergic.
To marijuana.
I'm allergic to the terpene, the cannabinoid. I, um,
my dad is on the cannabis oil right now to go to sleep. He's 97 years old. I,
everybody has everybody has, can, uh, can, uh, um, cannabis, uh,
cannabinoid receptors in them. It is a tremendously healing.
There's the terpene. There's a chart with a cool chart. Yeah.
Third term benefits. Beans. Yeah. So, so somehow, yeah, look at them now,
you know, and different Britos will put something. My, uh,
my partner and friend, Jimmy Belushi has a farm in Oregon. He grows it. Um,
and he's researching.
Drug addict. It's up there selling drugs to people, Jim Belushi, pushing chucks.
Well, it's legal now John.
Drugs.
The point is that if John had been a pothead,
he'd be alive today because he died of a cocaine and, uh, and, and heroin,
speedball, uh, injection. He w if I find I had him smoking pot,
bear out there in the vineyard, like, you know, back then he would,
he would be alive today. But yeah.
And so I believe generation of comedians are potheads.
I hear Seth Rogan's office at Columbia pictures had to be D fumed and D D fog
when he left.
But I gave him stoner of the year award one, the one, the,
one of the high times awards I presented him.
What could happen? The cannabis is tremendously valuable.
We're finding with our, if you take the THC out and put the CBD in there that,
that that's great for arthritis. And that I, I like to smell a weep.
Doesn't bother me. It's just, it's just, it just bothers me. So she went to.
An hour just to get that cured. Well, sure.
Sure. So I rely on the, on the, uh, on the beverage and alcohol.
Psychedelic experiences. Oh.
Yes. I've taken acid. Uh, and siliciden, and Mescalin yeah.
You ever had any, some sort of encounters while in siliciden one of,
one of the things that makes me more, uh,
more open to the idea of extra terrestrials is some of the experiences that
I've had on tryptamines, you know, particularly dimethyltryptamine,
but also.
That's wig. DMT goes way back for me, that goes back to high school.
How long back is that? What do you mean the DMT? I mean, last.
Time it was a year and a half.
And a controlled situation. Tell me about your experience.
I'd be interested to know of.
BB. This is a, that's a DMT tattoo. That's a DMT molecule. Okay. Yeah.
I've got a bunch of them.
Th they're finding that it's healing for mental health.
They're finding that that has, it has a, a great effect, uh, as.
Profound alleviation of anxiety.
Cause it transforms your perception of where you stand in the, in the world.
And it's a absolute ego. Dissolver you you're,
you are confronted with, uh, experiences that defied logic.
And one of the things that this is interesting.
One of the things that shied me away from UFO's was DMT because,
cause it was so profound.
It was so crazy that if a UFO landed right in front of my house, I'd be like,
yeah, it's not DMT though.
Cause DMT was a completely different dimension and there were things there.
Then one of the things that's.
You were wearing a controlled environment with friends. You are
seated where you in nature, where you okay.
The house in my house houses. Well,
you take three giant. Who makes that stuff? I can't tell you. That's not.
That's not something you.
Can buy shut down your scifi show for talking about alien.
No, no, that's right. DMT has some,
there's some prejudice against it and you can't get that.
The drug store it's in thousands of plants.
It's literally in almost every plant in nature. In fact, the,
one of the universities in Israel believes that it was responsible for the
burning Bush that Moses got the 10 commandments from.
They think that burning Bush was actually the Acacia tree and the Acacia tree is
rich and DMT.
It burst into flame and he nailed the vapor.
Exactly. They think, God,
well they think that this is just a problem with translation.
Is that this what this idea of the burning Bush like, oh,
there was a burning Bush. Well maybe,
or maybe they figured out a way to extract the dimethyltryptamine from the
Acacia tree or this Bush Acacia Bush as well.
And that they took this small amount of dimethyltryptamine from this
fire and inhaled it and had this profound religious experience.
Like I've experienced like many people who experienced that have taken it.
And I think that one thing that happens when you do this is you're
confronted with entities. Now, I don't know what these things are,
but they seem to be communicating with you and they seem to be talking to you
and they seem to know everything about you. So the question is like,
is that really your subconscious is this is, is this,
you know what you know about yourself,
stripped down to some very bare raw form and then
confronted with the psychedelics that perturb your, your visual cortex.
So they provide you with all these intense visualizations or is it a chemical
portal to another dimension? There's where.
They fall gin beings, light.
Beams.
The way I describe as their complex geometric patterns made out of love and
understanding, and that they're.
Sounds like, you know, HP Lovecraft was a wonderful writer and uh,
and he describes in, in time machine, uh, no that was HG Wells,
but HP Lovecraft, he wrote the cut-through Lou, uh, the, uh,
the dunnage horror and the books about to be kind of,
you know, walked out of his life and disappeared from his family and all that.
But, uh, well, they kind of went out for cigarettes and kind of never came back,
but no one ever found them. Well, no, I think they found him,
but he had vanished for a while. HP Lovecraft maybe look up a grave or demise,
but, but you know, he, he wrote about geometric shapes.
He wrote about interdimensional, geometric shapes and,
and getting to a space where you saw the universe in terms of geometry and
diamond shaped things and multi,
multi patterns and colors and.
Artists, Alex Gray, Alex, crazy beautiful artists. I mean, amazing,
amazing guy. And he, uh, all of his stuff is tripped to mean based artwork,
pull up some Alex Gray stuff so he could see it. It literally, when you see it,
you go, oh, that I recognize that. I recognize.
That. How long was your voyage?
All of them are about 15 minutes to 20 minutes long,
depending upon this is all Alex Gray style.
Beautiful.
Pull, pull up the one with that one down on the very bottom in the middle.
There wasn't a red. Yeah. Look at that.
That's very similar to what it feels like when you do
dimethyltryptamine and Alex has had a wow.
If I dropped the little purple barrel right now and just looked at that,
I'd have a nice afternoon.
Yeah. Well, a lot of the things, the most profound, um,
psychedelic experiences are the, the, the compounds,
they mimic normal human neurochemistry.
Like dimethyltryptamine is a,
it's a natural occurring compound in the human brain.
It's produced by your liver, your lungs. And there's a lot of evidence,
at least in mammals, it's produced by your pineal gland,
which is literally your third eye.
Yes, that's right. I did DMT way, way back.
I think I was in high school or something, something,
and I think I was at a motorcycle, ice race or something about doing it.
So that was.
Oh, a cycle ice race and DMT. You're living on the edge and high school, man.
It's got.
That's what the, you know, motorcycle, ice racing. You get, you get the,
you got a little small bike, like a Jawa CSA and you,
and you put the metal rims with the,
with the studs and then you race around the ice. I never did it, but I saw it.
And I think I was that's when I went to my, my, my, my, my friend said,
Dave, take one of these and we'll have a better time.
So I didn't see any beings, but, uh, well.
The race was fun. Take one house orally. How did you take it?
He said it was a pill was a cap. Oh, that doesn't work.
Well, no, you need to freebase it. C small T is.
We said it was a cat. He gave it to me in a hole, like the size of a horse cap.
Maybe it was horse drank. And I didn't ever know. He said it was.
It's not, well, if it was,
it doesn't work because your body produces model Aimee and oxidase.
And the only way that DMT works orally is if you take an Mao inhibitor,
this is what Iowasca is. Yeah.
See Iowasca is what the, the indigenous people,
the Amazon have figured out is how to take DMT with harming from the plants.
Right. And harming is a naturally occurring Mao inhibitor.
So that's how you can take it orally.
It's also why the experience is not as intense, but it's a longer,
and many people find it more spiritual because he can relax Jimmy fall into the
experience. But this is not an, a capsule form. You were he get,
he dosed you up with someone else?
Well, yeah. I don't know. Yeah, no, I guess I have something that,
who knows back then.
It could have been silicide well, psilocybin, um,
converts in the body to something very similar to DMT.
The DMT is the chemical compound is N and D
dimethyltryptamine,
but something happens in the body's production of DMT or the body's
breaking down of DMT where it produces something called
[inaudible] tryptamine. This is out of siliciden.
So maybe he gave you psilocybin pills, which is real common. That's real common.
Usually if I were to take psilocybin, I'd eat them.
Like I just eat the mushroom.
A lot of people take them in capsule form though, so they can get an exact.
Dose. I remember sprinkling it on my cereal once and yeah.
And then going to deliver the.
Yeah. My friend took him in peanut butter and jelly sandwiches. He just.
I ate a bowl of psilocybin and then I went and picked up my mail truck and, and,
you know, I was, I was a Royal mail career. Oh, geez.
That was an interesting morning. Did you get everybody's mail to.
Be fast?